Day 4

(1)What is the difference between a regular function and an arrow function?
(A)In regular function, arguments will give you list of parameter passed in function, In arrow function arguments is not defined

(2) What is a React Component?
(A) Components are independent and reusable bits of code

(3) How do you make a React functional component?
(A) We can create a functional component to React by writing a JavaScript function

(4) What is the difference between a pure JavaScript function and a functional component?
(A)The clear difference is the syntax. Just like in their names, a functional component is just a plain JavaScript function that returns JSX.

(5)How small is a React component?
(A)Each component is usually compact (100–200 lines), a size which is easy for other developers to understand and modify.

(6)Can we make a button or input field component?
(A)Yes we can make a button or input field a component

Day 5
(1)What is props in a React component ?
(A)Props is Parameters passed into React Component

(2)How do you access props in a React component ?
(A)React props can be accessed as an object or destructured
If you have a lot of props that you're passing down to your component, it may be best to include them on the entire props object and access them by saying props. propName

(3)What data types can we pass as props to components ?
(A) We can pass objects, arrays, and functions.

(4)What is a propTypes?
(A)PropTypes are simply a mechanism that ensures that the passed value is of the correct datatype

(5)What is a default propTypes?
(A)Default props can be used to define any props that you want to be set for a component, whether or not a value is actually passed in from the parent component.


I've learned how to write components and what are components and how they can be used in React and 
what are the benfits of having components

I've Learned how react Props are passed from one component to another component, 
what are props and default Props and what are data types that can be passed as Props


on GIT and GITHub

By Reading Day 1 and Day 2 I've Learned how to add files and remove files on Git 
I've understood Things such as Push and Pull in GIThub, I've Learned about different stages of Pushing files
into Git